API docs using sphinx and graphiql (#1)
Mappit-API/docs: index.rst

You can also optionally filter the search results to a specific state by providing a value for the ``state`` parameter.

.. graphiql::
  :query:
    {
      searchAddress(query: "500 col", state: NSW){
        gnafId
        displayAddress
        location{
          lat
          lon
        }
        components{
          buildingName
          number
          street
          suburb
          state
          postcode
        }
        score
      }
    }
  :response:
    {
      "data": {
        "searchAddress": [
          {
            "gnafId": "GANSW716730214",
            "displayAddress": "500 Colemans Lane, Milvale NSW 2594",
            "location": {
              "lat": -34.25705103,
              "lon": 147.86797566
            },
            "components": {
              "buildingName": "",
              "number": "500",
              "street": "Colemans Lane",
              "suburb": "Milvale",
              "state": "NSW",
              "postcode": 2594
            },
            "score": 1
          }
        ]
      }
    }

The ``state`` parameter supports the following values: ``TAS, VIC, NSW, ACT, QLD, SA, NT, WA, OT``

Retrieve property
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> If you already know the gnaf ID of a property, you can use it to retrieve the details of that property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you already know the G-NAF ID of a property, you can use it to retrieve the details of that property.
```

Might as well format it properly for the docs :/

Author: Yep makes sense.
